# Team-Documentation
This repository will contain any documentation relevant to FIRST Robotics team 2890

# Google Drive Links
Below are links to GSuite files.  Local .pdf copies of these files are periodically updated in the relevant directory of this repository.

## Team 2890 Handbook and Contract (2018)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/12EQuX9DaThTQ1EQS3PGKzVlZFElw8CkOhll41jxHluY/edit?usp=sharing

## Training Materials

### Java Programming Guide
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1C-rJWYdNwpe8AQOfcZ8QmqLbk8b_35WhxsG9lNF7ScU/edit?usp=sharing

### Mechanical Level 1
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1afdyd1Ln4b_7ET5zpsmmTgq5VAh4Lgm4FqV9QZvmYpM/edit?usp=sharing

### Mechanical Level 2
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11nzG1T-N_jeItn_2U_zE7HP9TBqtkmeBwYuRIk0krEA/edit?usp=sharing

### Mechanical Level 3
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bvZiTAnyfKii86X4DAqtb0p8lQDi1hrAtW3457RuM1I/edit?usp=sharing

### Electrical Level 1
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ML66j3A_JvvFDV3jpp10F8VMPY0fUQmp99wHfjpTfmU/edit?usp=sharing

### Electrical Level 1 Pre-Test
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfNDIUGHs9IJtpVRoVP1ZV12ecqIWAINXb17uMnJUcmdagIew/viewform

### Electrical Level 2
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eKLgLupR_cIG6qHNxtDR8ajGlrNQ89o7cN4L--2wk5Y/edit?usp=sharing 

### Electrical Level 3
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1h1CpowXN0Eyqs9RsSaRyfLd5A2M0Go03onU2MTDC724/edit?usp=sharing

### Agile Project Management
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rmv0LhyVUDthA42xChWzmQeMT2qr-DQmnREWeVHxgow/edit?usp=sharing 

### Division of Tasks
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TUDCwVk4LSxkQgnqPrFv8akPKrk-Ux4f6k3G3kBvVvU/edit?usp=sharing

### Giving Feedback
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xxcNztxCzCXn1caQKeRL1chUKxdv1NpmQFe61TeUMtY/edit?usp=sharing

### Pneumatics Level 1
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16BwJkEn33W6H7X1cL4XoQbcnVsaojT-WBoEm6UIuRvY/edit?usp=sharing

### Pneumatics Level 2
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eNavCKvm2hRN_miXN3A7kXfyphxepIYvuOte1jmiGK4/edit?usp=sharing

## Organizational Documents

### Sub-Group Business
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18UFBKj6A0QtGFoD1GzjqSPoNcfxzAtS0VQtxzB7eSWU/edit?usp=sharing

### Sub-Group Awards
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BTQCqgf2qa5j253lj6IfcsrT2N7FuPEsXhAeV7U449g/edit?usp=sharing

### Sub-Group Media
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1i53Pz8DPVCdPlT-PywPaI8PgfdfFHgJm7OwNiK3lVhs/edit?usp=sharing

### Sub-Group Strategy
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BE0fIWiMtPpLmSYx8WqgrSnec5YTh4t8qDSnbbcRb6Q/edit?usp=sharing

### Sub-Group Programming
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1h_G4ULGdMP_XhgzsoPygIePclYw3SQGPbTmOFdKEpf0/edit?usp=sharing

### Sub-Group Chassis
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qU634sNOln9Ry8eLUzI4nnu5KASKpJnCT3PqnrFPOls/edit?usp=sharing 

### Sub-Group Outreach
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WbYf6_2XkK3xiqFGb2p3B8Y3jceywhcz_UusM4CoVfo/edit?usp=sharing

### Sub-Group Actuators
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1s9xnw9sycdagOcPCO9rLm3hRhWX7SYnF8iW2HvSB0sM/edit?usp=sharing

## Achievements

### Badges and Achievements
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bFdRdasoMnVfe-o6m00yBRVUjtcVF3cI3ripzmCPf-8/edit?usp=sharing

### Achievements
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-REM8ZzukP7QjApmqeaPmcuMiIZk_RweQhLUwNX4Q1U/edit?usp=sharing 

### Programming Level 1 Test
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1C0qLryw0uFBVyM-b9Q52TsPYh6Ndd6fVce9dHbwZ3Rg/edit

### Programming Level 2 Test
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1psYC3gWz2IEkw1DGU8p5ST4alL6X15igydV865s1qvI/edit

### Programming Level 3 Test
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z7BzuLNErgNQPcyfzu_p_IBjHuVYKObJcC2eZFD8Td4/edit
